Add release blog for v1.3.2 (#1024)
spiceai/docs: website/blog/releases/v1.3.2.md

---
date: 2025-06-03

> title: 'Spice v1.3.2 (June 3, 2025)'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Spice v1.3.2 (June 2, 2025)'
```

type: blog
authors: [phillipleblanc]
tags: [release, duckdb, snowflake]
---

Announcing the release of Spice v1.3.2! ❄️

> Spice v1.3.2 improves DuckDB acceleration to accept `ORDER BY rand()` and `ORDER BY NULL` SQL queries, and supports the `TIMESTAMP_NTZ(0)` (timestamp with seconds precision) type in Snowflake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spice v1.3.2 is a patch release with fixes to the DuckDB data accelerator and Snowflake data connector.

Changes:

- **DuckDB Data Accelerator**: Supports `ORDER BY rand()` for randomized result ordering and `ORDER BY NULL` for SQL compatibility.

- **Snowflake Data Connector**: Adds T`IMESTAMP_NTZ(0)` type for timestamps with seconds precision.
```
